Add instrumentation scope concept page (#3367)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/instrumentation-scope/_index.md

---
title: Instrumentation Scope
weight: 80
---

The [Instrumentation Scope](/docs/specs/otel/glossary/#instrumentation-scope)

> represents a logical unit within the application code with with the emitted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
represents a logical unit within the application code with which the emitted
```

telemetry can be associated.

It is typically the developer’s choice to decide what denotes a reasonable
instrumentation scope, e.g. a module, a package or a class can be chosen as
instrumentation scope. In the case of a library or framework, it is a common
approach to use an identifier as scope that is unique to the library or
framework, such as a fully qualified name and version of the library or

> framework. If the library itself has not built-in OpenTelemetry instrumentation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
framework. If the library itself does not have built-in OpenTelemetry instrumentation,
```

> ---

Reviewer 2: This file should be named just `index.md`, without the leading `_` -- otherwise it declares this as a section, which it is not.

Author: oops ... thanks!

Reviewer 2: Here's a fix:

- #3398

Author: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/pull/3399 ... did the same mistake twice

Reviewer 2: Better:

- #3399
